chore: [docs] Update docs to install ee-helm-chartv2 (#619)
appsmithorg/appsmith-docs: website/docs/getting-started/setup/upgrade-to-business-edition/kubernetes.md

---

> description: Follow the steps to upgrade the Appsmith community Kubernetes installation to a Business Edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Follow the guide to upgrade the Appsmith Community Edition installation on Kubernetes to Business Edition.
```

---

> # Kubernetes

Reviewer 2: @danciaclara and @sharat87 - this file is ready for review. Please review and add your comments.

> The Business Edition (BE) Helm charts installation includes support for Horizontal Pod Auto Scaling (HPA), which allows Appsmith pods to be automatically scaled based on current load. Additionally, this means that Appsmith pods are managed using a Kubernetes _deployment_ resource instead of a _stateful-set_ resource. To upgrade from the Community Edition (CE) to the Business Edition (BE) installed on Kubernetes, follow the steps listed below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Business Edition (BE) Helm chart installation includes support for Horizontal Pod Auto Scaling (HPA), which allows Appsmith pods to scale automatically based on the current load. Additionally, this means that Appsmith pods are managed using a Kubernetes _deployment_ resource instead of a _stateful-set_ resource. Follow this guide to upgrade from the Community Edition (CE) to the Business Edition (BE) installed on Kubernetes.
```

> ## Export backup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Backup data
```

Reviewer 2: As we have Export backup in docs to refer to Backup data, I kept it in this doc too.

1. Open a shell into one of your current Appsmith pods:

   ```bash
   kubectl exec -it <pod> bash
   ```

2. Run the backup command:

   ```bash
   appsmithctl backup
   ```

3. Once the backup process is complete, the backup archive is available at a location like this:

   ```

>    /appsmith-stacks/data/backup/appsmith-backup-2022-10-24T07-09-56.930Z.tar.gz

Reviewer: remove path from code block

Reviewer 2: These changes will happen once we have the component merged.

Reviewer: ignore this comment. Closing conversation

   ```

4. To download the backup archive, run the following command:

   ```bash
   kubectl cp <namespace>/appsmith-0:<backup_path_from_above> ./appsmith-ce-backup.tar.gz
   ```

5. To retrieve the salt and password from the pod, run the following command and copy the values to `values.yaml`.

   ```bash
   kubectl exec <pod_name> -- grep /appsmith-stacks/configuration/docker.env APPSMITH_ENCRYPTION_
   ```

>    Set the values in the `applicationConfig` section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Set the parameters in the `applicationConfig` section in the values.yaml file
```

   ```yaml
     APPSMITH_ENCRYPTION_PASSWORD: <PASSWORD>
     APPSMITH_ENCRYPTION_SALT: <SALT>
   ```

> ## Uninstall Helm chart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Uninstall CE Helm chart
```

To uninstall the CE helm chart, run the following command:

```bash
helm uninstall appsmith
```

## Configure parameters

To ensure that the Business Edition Helm chart runs, you need to make some changes to the `values.yaml` file. Follow the steps below to configure parameters:

1. Add the following snippet to the bottom of your `values.yaml` file. This snippet enables PostgreSQL.

   ```yaml
   postgresql:
     enabled: true
     auth:
       username: root
       password: <PASSWORD>
       postgresPassword: <POSTGRESQL_PASSWORD>
       database: keycloak
   ```

2. If present, remove the highlighted lines, regardless of their value.

   ```yaml
   image:
     # highlight-next-line
     registry: anything
     # highlight-next-line
     repository: anything
     pullPolicy: Always
     tag: "latest"
   ```

> 3. Choose, or create a shared file system. For more information, see [Create a shared file system.](/getting-started/setup/installation-guides/kubernetes/business-edition#create-a-shared-file-system)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Choose or [create a shared file system.](/getting-started/setup/installation-guides/kubernetes/business-edition#create-a-shared-file-system).
```

Reviewer 2: Again I guess this step is needed as mandatory, so should we add it here. @sharat87 raised it for migrate to v2 helm chart BE.

Reviewer: yes let's add that step here itself so that users do not have to migrate

4. Add the license key and a few other variables related to keycloak to `applicationConfig` section:

   ```yaml
     APPSMITH_LICENSE_KEY: ""
     APPSMITH_KEYCLOAK_DB_DRIVER: ""
     APPSMITH_KEYCLOAK_DB_USERNAME: ""
     APPSMITH_KEYCLOAK_DB_PASSWORD: ""
     APPSMITH_KEYCLOAK_DB_URL: ""
     APPSMITH_KEYCLOAK_DB_NAME: "keycloak"
   ```

> ## Install Helm chart 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install EE Helm chart 
```

## Restore backup

To restore the backup, follow the below steps:

1. To copy the Appsmith backup into the new Appsmith pod, run the following command:

   ```bash
   kubectl cp appsmith-backup-2022-10-24T07-09-56.930Z.tar.gz <namespace>/<pod_name>:/appsmith-stacks/data/backup/
   ```

2. To copy the keycloak backup into the new Appsmith pod, run the following command:

   ```bash
   kubectl cp keycloak_bkp.json <namespace>/<pod_name>:/appsmith-stacks/data/
   ```

3. To restore Appsmith data, run the following command:

   ```bash
   kubectl exec -it <namespace>/<pod_name> -- appsmithctl restore
   ```

   Once the data is restored, the pod restarts automatically.

4. To restore the keycloak data, run the following command:

   ```bash
   kubectl exec -it <namespace>/<pod_name> -- /bin/sh /opt/keycloak/bin/standalone.sh -b 0.0.0.0 -Djboss.socket.binding.port-offset=1 -Dkeycloak.migration.action=import -Dkeycloak.migration.provider=singleFile -Dkeycloak.migration.file=/appsmith-stacks/data/keycloak_bkp.json -Dkeycloak.migration.strategy=OVERWRITE_EXISTING
   ```

>    Monitor the output and look for similar lines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Monitor the output as shown below:
```

>    ```

Reviewer: This should ideally be a screenshot. If we can disable the copy button for such output-related content, that would be great.

Reviewer 2: As it's easy for users to copy and search the text in the terminal. IMO we should keep it as text. We'll change the highlighting once we have the component merged.

Reviewer: As mentioned above, let's keep it as is. I was wrong :)

   08:20:54,708 INFO  [org.keycloak.services] (ServerService Thread Pool -- 54) KC-SERVICES0030: Full model import requested. Strategy: OVERWRITE_EXISTING
   08:20:54,708 INFO  [org.keycloak.exportimport.singlefile.SingleFileImportProvider] (ServerService Thread Pool -- 54) Full importing from file /appsmith-stacks/data/keycloak_bkp.json
   08:20:54,715 INFO  [org.keycloak.exportimport.util.ImportUtils] (ServerService Thread Pool -- 54) Realm 'master' already exists. Removing it before import
   08:20:59,160 INFO  [org.keycloak.exportimport.util.ImportUtils] (ServerService Thread Pool -- 54) Realm 'master' imported
   08:21:01,704 INFO  [org.keycloak.exportimport.util.ImportUtils] (ServerService Thread Pool -- 54) Realm 'appsmith' imported
   08:21:01,794 INFO  [org.keycloak.services] (ServerService Thread Pool -- 54) KC-SERVICES0032: Import finished successfully
   ```

>    When you see lines similar to this, press <kbd>ctrl+c</kbd> to stop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When you see the output, as shown above, press <kbd>ctrl+c</kbd> to stop.
```

5. To apply the changes, restart using the following command:

   ```bash
   kubectl rollout restart deployment/appsmith -n <namespack>
   ```

> If you’re having issues with the deployment, please see the [debugging deployment errors](/help-and-support/troubleshooting-guide/deployment-errors.md) troubleshooting guide. If you continue to have problems reach out on [Discord Server](https://discord.com/invite/rBTTVJp) or [send an email to support](mailto:support@appsmith.com) or ask questions on the [community forum](https://community.appsmith.com/).

Reviewer: Let this be under the subheading 'Troubleshooting'
